{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12140\viewh2140\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This document contains the information about purchasing house hold groceries online by different retail suppliers. \
The informations shows step by step development of the product with designing and development phases.\
\
\

\b \ul Use Case:\ulnone \
\
Actors\
\

\b0 1) Client :- Person purchasing products online.\
\
The client or customer is the person that logs onto the shopping cart to purchase products of his/her choice.\
\
2) Administrator :- Person responsible for the system\
\
The administrator is the person in charge of managing and administrating the system. He also assumes the role of supervisor in the sense that he enforces the "Terms of use" of the site, and has the right to revoke clients privileges by deleting their account.\
\
3) Supplier :- The person selling his products through the online shopping cart system. \
\
The supplier is the person or retailer providing the goods on sale in the online shopping cart system. It is his responsibility to choose the category or the daily needs products available on the site, for which his name should be shown in the suppliers list.\
\
4) Bank : - The suppliers bank.\
\
The bank gets involved to debit the client's account and credit the supplier's account during a purchase. \
\
5) Net Surfer : -\
\
6) Visitor :- Normal visitor.\
\
The visitor might be the future client who want to know about the services we offer and way to purchase products.\

\b \
\
\
Process \
\

\b0 Manage shopping cart : - This use case describes how the user can browse the catalog, view his/her cart, add to or remove items from the cart, edit the quantities or empty his/her shopping cart. All scenarios result in the persistence of the cart items, so the user can retrieve his/her cart between sessions.\
\
Check out : - This use case describes how the client finalizes his/her purchases by checking out from the shopping cart. Payment options are processed in this use case. \
\
Request for product : - This case describe how the user can request for any product that should be added in any category.\
\
Complaint : - This use case describes how the client can file a complaint if the goods received do not correspond to the order or are damaged.\
\
Search for Products : - This use case describes about the searching options for user according to different domains.\
\
Manage client account : - This use case describes the operations the user can access to create, modify or detele his/her account. Some of these operations are also accessible by the system administrator whose role it is to enforce the "Terms of Use" of the online system. \
 \
Create client account :- This use case describes user account creation.\
\
Recall Product : - The supplier can place a recall on defective products, soas to encourage people to return their goods for replacement or refund.\
\
Advertise Product : - This use case describes how a product is advertized by placing a announcement on the first page of the online shopping cart system. \
\
Ship Order : -  This use case describes how the supplier sends the goods ordered to the client. \
\
Handle Complaint : - This use case describes how the supplier handles a complaint received by a client concerning the goods delivered to him. \
\
\
\
}